README.md, before:

# Mechanico #

Mechanico is a website dedicated to people who loves and shares the joy of mechanical keyboards.
It's a meeting ground for all related to keyboards, a place to socialize and get friends for life.
Get the know how and see when the next keyboard meetup is scheduled.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Mock-Up ##
Just a rudimentery mockup to get a feel for how the site will sorta turnout.
![Mockup image 1](/assets/images/mechanico-mockup.png)
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Image from Am i Resonsive
![Responsive image 1](/assets/images/amiresponsive.png)

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Features ##

- A static navigationbar
- Footer with included links to our socialmedia sites.
- Audio file so the visitor can listen to a keyboard.
- Calender that show the upcoming events.
- Form so the people who are interested in joining us can submit their contact information.


### Navigation Bar ###
![Navbar image 1](/assets/images/readme-navbar.png)

- Navigation bar is made static and moves with the page when you scoll
bot eye catching and handy.
- Designed with the same colors as the hero image, gradient with pink to left and purple to the right.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Landing page and header ###
![Landing page image 1](/assets/images/readme-hero-and-quote.png)

- Has a minimalistic design that continues trough to the other pages.
- A hero image that displays a custom keyboard that sets the color scheme of the site.
- Rest of the page contains a left column of text and a right column containing a custom keyboard.
- At the bottom of the page you find the footer containing icons and links to our social media
- Under the columns i placed a audio player so people can listen to the sound och a thocky keyboard.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Footer ###
![Footer image 1](/assets/images/readme-footer.png)
Consist of fontawesome icons for all the social media links and is displayed the same on all wedpages.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Meet Ups ###
![Meet ups image 1](/assets/images/readme-meetup.png)
- Meet-Ups is the site to see when the next community gathering is.
- Its a box design where you have the information about the event and a image next to it.
- Will also use a cross pattern for easier visibility between the different meetup events.
- Each event is designed with an ul list with icons from fontawsome to give it the same look as the footer.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Join US ###
![Join Us image 1](/assets/images/readme-form.png)
- On this webpage the user is greeted first by a quote from the dictionary telling what a keyboard is.
- Under the hero image and quote you have the same setup with two columns, in the left you have the form and on the right is a picture of a lilac keyboard.
- The form consist of first and lastname, then an email field and a radio button choice if you currently own or not an custom keyboard. 
- Last we have the Submit button that takes you to a formdump pages telling you that we will reach out soon, after 10 seconds the browser refreshes and takes you back to index.html.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Audio ###
![Audio image 1](/assets/images/readme-audio.png)
- Added thock-keyboard.mp3 to be played at the landing page, did so it dosent start automatic and default is muted, user have to engage to play it.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Deployment ###
![Deploy image 1](/assets/images/readme-deployment.png)
- Website is made with gitpod and then git commit and git push to my repository on github.
- There you can click on your repository in mind and press settings.
- Next step is that on your left you have a navigation menu where you can click on Pages 
- Last step is to deploy your website.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Testing ##

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Bugs ##
- Had an issue where the header image wasnt showing after deploying to github
- Issue with two scrollbars. Solution found on stackoverflow and linked in credits section.
- 

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Unfixed Bugs ##

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Validator Testing ##
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Credits ##

- Credit to Tristan Sterling also known as captainsterling on instagram, its his amazing photographs i was kind enough to borrow. https://www.sterlingandcophotography.com/etc/

- Credit to Alexotos, huge profile in the keyboard community who let me use his images if i want.
https://www.alexotos.com/

- Logo in hero image made from the website https://logo.com

- Inspiration and code help from the "Love Running" Project.

- Code inspiration to put the hero-image-logo.png on top of hero-image.jpg (scratched that idea later on)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12991351/css-force-image-resize-and-keep-aspect-ratio

- Tips for the static navbar
https://www.w3docs.com/snippets/css/how-to-create-a-fixed-navbar-with-css.html

- CSS Gradient tool for navbar
https://cssgradient.io/

- Found this on stackoverflow how you can style the audio tag
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4126708/is-it-possible-to-style-html5-audio-tag

- Learned about z-index from
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/z-index-in-css-what-it-is-and-what-it-does/#:~:text=What%20is%20a%20Z%20Index,%2C%20or%20position%3Afixed%20).

- My mentor Nikki helped me understand flex box by sending me this link
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

- Used this url to learn about styling the fieldset element
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_fieldset.asp

- Learned all about form styling from this site
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-style-forms-with-css-a-beginners-guide/

- Thanks to fontawesome for icons
https://fontawesome.com/

- Did some photo modifications on Photopea.
https://www.photopea.com/

- Mockup made in Keynote

- This site thaught me that i have to have p inside an li element
https://caniuse.com/

- Google Fonts for the "Playfair Display" font used on the site.
https://fonts.google.com/

- Solved two scrollsbar by googling and found this thread on stackoverflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9866220/why-are-two-vertical-scrollbars-showing

Commit message:

fixed form, changed post to get.

README.md, after:

# Mechanico #

Mechanico is a website dedicated to people who loves and shares the joy of mechanical keyboards.
It's a meeting ground for all related to keyboards, a place to socialize and get friends for life.
Get the know how and see when the next keyboard meetup is scheduled.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Mock-Up ##
Just a rudimentery mockup to get a feel for how the site will sorta turnout.
![Mockup image 1](/assets/images/mechanico-mockup.png)
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Image from Am i Resonsive
![Responsive image 1](/assets/images/amiresponsive.png)

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Features ##

- A static navigationbar
- Footer with included links to our socialmedia sites.
- Audio file so the visitor can listen to a keyboard.
- Calender that show the upcoming events.
- Form so the people who are interested in joining us can submit their contact information.


### Navigation Bar ###
![Navbar image 1](/assets/images/readme-navbar.png)

- Navigation bar is made static and moves with the page when you scoll
bot eye catching and handy.
- Designed with the same colors as the hero image, gradient with pink to left and purple to the right.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Landing page and header ###
![Landing page image 1](/assets/images/readme-hero-and-quote.png)

- Has a minimalistic design that continues trough to the other pages.
- A hero image that displays a custom keyboard that sets the color scheme of the site.
- Rest of the page contains a left column of text and a right column containing a custom keyboard.
- At the bottom of the page you find the footer containing icons and links to our social media
- Under the columns i placed a audio player so people can listen to the sound och a thocky keyboard.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Footer ###
![Footer image 1](/assets/images/readme-footer.png)
Consist of fontawesome icons for all the social media links and is displayed the same on all wedpages.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Meet Ups ###
![Meet ups image 1](/assets/images/readme-meetup.png)
- Meet-Ups is the site to see when the next community gathering is.
- Its a box design where you have the information about the event and a image next to it.
- Will also use a cross pattern for easier visibility between the different meetup events.
- Each event is designed with an ul list with icons from fontawsome to give it the same look as the footer.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Join US ###
![Join Us image 1](/assets/images/readme-form.png)
- On this webpage the user is greeted first by a quote from the dictionary telling what a keyboard is.
- Under the hero image and quote you have the same setup with two columns, in the left you have the form and on the right is a picture of a lilac keyboard.
- The form consist of first and lastname, then an email field and a radio button choice if you currently own or not an custom keyboard. 
- Last we have the Submit button that takes you to a formdump pages telling you that we will reach out soon, after 10 seconds the browser refreshes and takes you back to index.html.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Audio ###
![Audio image 1](/assets/images/readme-audio.png)
- Added thock-keyboard.mp3 to be played at the landing page, did so it dosent start automatic and default is muted, user have to engage to play it.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Deployment ###
![Deploy image 1](/assets/images/readme-deployment.png)
- Website is made with gitpod and then git commit and git push to my repository on github.
- There you can click on your repository in mind and press settings.
- Next step is that on your left you have a navigation menu where you can click on Pages 
- Last step is to deploy your website.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Testing ##

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Bugs ##
- Had an issue where the header image wasnt showing after deploying to github
- Issue with two scrollbars. Solution found on stackoverflow and linked in credits section.
- Had a problem with the form not working on submit, changed POST to GET and i did the trick.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Unfixed Bugs ##

_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Validator Testing ##
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Credits ##

- Credit to Tristan Sterling also known as captainsterling on instagram, its his amazing photographs i was kind enough to borrow. https://www.sterlingandcophotography.com/etc/

- Credit to Alexotos, huge profile in the keyboard community who let me use his images if i want.
https://www.alexotos.com/

- Logo in hero image made from the website https://logo.com

- Inspiration and code help from the "Love Running" Project.

- Code inspiration to put the hero-image-logo.png on top of hero-image.jpg (scratched that idea later on)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12991351/css-force-image-resize-and-keep-aspect-ratio

- Tips for the static navbar
https://www.w3docs.com/snippets/css/how-to-create-a-fixed-navbar-with-css.html

- CSS Gradient tool for navbar
https://cssgradient.io/

- Found this on stackoverflow how you can style the audio tag
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4126708/is-it-possible-to-style-html5-audio-tag

- Learned about z-index from
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/z-index-in-css-what-it-is-and-what-it-does/#:~:text=What%20is%20a%20Z%20Index,%2C%20or%20position%3Afixed%20).

- My mentor Nikki helped me understand flex box by sending me this link
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

- Used this url to learn about styling the fieldset element
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_fieldset.asp

- Learned all about form styling from this site
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-style-forms-with-css-a-beginners-guide/

- Thanks to fontawesome for icons
https://fontawesome.com/

- Did some photo modifications on Photopea.
https://www.photopea.com/

- Mockup made in Keynote

- This site thaught me that i have to have p inside an li element
https://caniuse.com/

- Google Fonts for the "Playfair Display" font used on the site.
https://fonts.google.com/

- Solved two scrollsbar by googling and found this thread on stackoverflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9866220/why-are-two-vertical-scrollbars-showing

This page helped figure the form problem, use GET instead of POST
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12221692/http-error-405-0-method-not-allowed-post-fails
